Error bar and update to conditions 2.0 (#465)
zeus-health/ctw-component-library: .changeset/good-jars-divide.md

---
"@zus-health/ctw-component-library": minor
---

> Add error state to drawer and table in conditions 1.0 and conditions 2.0.

Reviewer: What error state? Need to be clear that is is error state for patient history

> Add error state to drawer and table in conditions 1.0 and conditions 2.0.

Author: ```suggestion
Add error state for patient history to drawer and table in conditions 1.0 and conditions 2.0.
```

> Add error state to drawer and table in conditions 1.0 and conditions 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add error state banner to drawer component and condition 1.0 and 2.0 tables to indicate when patient history retrieval is in a failed state. 
```
